#
# $XORP: xorp/bgp/TODO,v 1.5 2003/09/02 21:39:01 atanu Exp $
#

------------------------------ TODO -----------------------------

4) Make test packet code check more things, for example go through and
check the results of the decoding against what was encoded.

6) Filling missing throw exceptions.
	- use exception from BGPPacket.hh, filling the notification codes

16) Fix open packet operator== method to check parameters, current problem due to received open packets and sent open packets storing data in different places.
18) Check the validity of the withdrawn routes field in check_update_packet (peer.cc) and the validity of network reachability field.

---added 2002-09-24 by mjh---

21) Ensure we keep the right connection during simultaneous open.

22) Why is the BGPPeer stopped timer 10 seconds?

26) Encode method in BGPAuthParameter

--added 2002-10-21 by APG---

27) Implement some capability functionality, the hooks to enable per peer
capability advertisement exist but the functionality doesn't. Personnally
I don't think this is required for the cvs opening.

-- added 2002-12-06 by MJH

28) In FanoutTable's queue, we skip entries if they have the same
origin peer as the output branch calling get_next_message.  If the
queued origin peer is NULL, we use this to indicate it should go to
all peers.  However, the RIB peerhandle is also NULL, so routes that
come from the rib would then be sent back to the RIB, which is bad.
Rewrite this code so it doesn't overload the NULL value.

29) Under certain circumstances a new session may be sent withdraws
that were meant for the previous session. This problem can be
reproduced by running "test_peering2.sh" with the "-b" flag.

-- added 2003-08-28 by AG

------------------------------ DONE -----------------------------
1) Holdtimers in from milliseconds to seconds in config files. Plus
changing router ID's to IP addresses.

2) Make the test packet code work again. This involves writing a
TestSocketClient rather than using SocketClient. Remove
SocketClient::read_packet and place in TestSocketClient.

3) Once 2 is done make the packet decode routines take a packet from
the begining not 19 bytes in. Fix all code that subsequently
breaks:-).

4) Make test packet code check more things, for example go through and
check the results of the decoding against what was encoded.

8) replace ASNum with AsNum to be consistent

9) Put code in BGPPeer::check_update_packet().

12) Write next hop resolution code.

13) In the decision process we ripple up that a route is not
resolvable but currently we ignore this information.

15) Local Preference. Need to add an ouput filter that will add a
local preference path attribute when sending to an IBGP peer.

RESOLVED BY MJH: the entry above is incorrect.  I added an input
filter that adds LOCAL_PREF when receiving from an EBGP peer - it
needs to be done on input so we make the same decision as the IBGP
peers we forward the route to.  I also added an output filter that
removes LOCAL_PREF when sending to an EBGP peer.

17) The routine check_update_packet verifies that all the mandatory
attributes are present in an update packet. It is legal however for a packet
to contain only withdraw information. In this case Origin, AS Path and
Next Hop do not have to be present. Unfortunately legal messages
containing only withdraws are currently flagged as an error.

19) In the constructor for BGPNotificationPacket we abort if the
length is bad.  Handle this more gracefully.

RESOLVED BY MJH: treat any bad notification as if it were a CEASE.

20) we currently abort() in BGPPeer::get_message when decode fails.
Handle this more gracefully.

23) BGPFilterTable<A>::lookup_route needs implementing!

24) Investigate interaction between flush and NhLookupTable.  Currently
will abort if queue is not empty!

RESOLVED BY MJH: remove flush bit from queued entries.  Propagate all
flush requests, even if they're not strictly necessary. Send an
explicit flush request every time a nexthop resolves.  This is safe,
although not optimally efficient.

25) Getting a delete_route when we haven't got the route in the RIB
currently calls abort().  Should probably log a warning and be
silently dropped.

7) look at BGPAuthParameter and BGPParameter in general to see why
there is no encode method.

RESOLVED By Adam : BGPParameter follows the same pattern as the packet
class and hence involves no direct encode or decode methods, instead
they are left to the sub classes. BGPAuthParameter should have an encode
method see item 26

5) Implement BGP Capability Advertisement

11) Rationalise main.cc and bgp.cc, with respect to where main is.

------------------------------ TESTING --------------------------

1) Memory exhaustion.
2) IGP Metrics.
3) Filters.
4) Route flat damping.
5) Bad updates.
6) Capability mismatches.
7) Peer up/down.
8) SAFI.
9) Synchronisation.
10) Loop detection.
11) EBGP vs IBGP.
12) Route reflector.
13) Confederations.
14) IPv6
15) Test FSM with inappropriate packets.
16) IGP i.e. RIB interactions.
17) Comparison against ideal.

------------------------------ OLD ------------------------------
Current work:
Go through each packet in order to ensure that it meets the spec for decoding/encoding.
- open packet
	look at the data pointers comming in since the decode is wrong
	put the peer data into the system and hence sort out the timers
- keepalive packet
- update packet
- notification packet
- find current authentication parameter types

General TODO

- In the socket code connect needs to be make non-blocking.
- retry a connection when the peer isn't listening, instead of exiting.
- limit recursion in BGPPeerFSM , use counter perhaps
- defaults to switch statemates , particularly in get_packet. (see pathattrib for example)
- tabs in all files need to be defaults
- check return values on writev (a peer may not be dead because the transmit buffer is full due to congestion control, rather than dropping)
- sockets should be non-blocking, particularly for use with peers which aren't keeping up
- look at increasing the kernel buffer for a problematic socket and if this fails then drop peering.
- look at adding buffering into socket class, add high water mark on the buffer and a timer, possibly informing via exception.
- remove 1 second waits 
- look at switching data structures to use STL
- look at memory handling in packets
- add proper destructors
- check two sessions per peer problem.

Packets

General packets:
- Marker is set and retrieved, but never used. This needs to be looked into.
- Exception throwing for invalid length and type (BGPSocket.cc or .hh)
Open message:
- Version - set, when it is being evaluated by BGP need to check  
- Holdtime - need to calculate and process
- Authentication parameter - need to find more information on
